[ Sniffs ]
[ Blows ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Sniffs, sighs ]
[ Sniffs ]
**
* I got a feeling
and I can't let go *
* I can't let go
* I feel
[ cool jazz music plays ]
[ Engine shuts off ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Good morning.
Harry.
Sit down and have
some breakfast.
You look like shit.
[ Laughs ]
Thanks.
So do you.
You sleep
in that dress?
Game just broke up.
I won 30k.
I was in the zone.
I almost called and cancelled.
Congrats.
Why didn't you?
Coffee?
Please.
I'm good.
I'm going back to Vegas
a little sooner than expected.
What's going on?
Maddie was in
a car accident last night.
What?
She's fine. She's just a little
dinged up by the airbag.
Airbag?
Shook up
more than anything,
but I'm going home
to deal with it.
Who was driving?
Friend of maddie's.
He has his license,
the cops took a report,
he's insured.
Was he drinking?
Were they?
She says they weren't,
and I believe her,
and that it was
the other driver's fault.
Did she go to the E.R.,
get checked out?
Look, Harry,
kids are stupid.
They do stupid things,
as you well know.
Luckily,
everybody's okay.
I'm not okay!
How about
some parental supervision?
Where the hell
was Reggie?
At work.
God, I knew
you'd act like this.
You were here
"in the zone." Nice.
Don't be an asshole.
You were in your own private
zone our whole marriage.
Reggie and i
are not absentee parents.
Really?
Fuck you. You know,
you're the poster boy
for absentee parent.
I got to
get to the airport.
Okay, I'll drive overon the weekend, talk to her.
Don't be ridiculous.
Jesus Christ, Eleanor.
She could've been killed.
I am handling this,
Harry.
If you want to take
a more active role
in our daughter's life,
we can
discuss that later.
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Beep ]
Bosch.
I didn't think
it would be so hard.
You've been through this,
Harry.
Give me some advice.
What are we talking about,
waits? What do you want?
My mother died...
Yesterday.
And I see her
lying there,
and I think
about that moment--
the longest trip
we ever take.
Sorry for your loss.
She's gonna rot
like a piece of fruit,
and there's -- there's
nothing I can do about it.
You understand?
This fucking situation
that I find myself in...
Maybe I can help.
Oh, a-are you
gonna bury her for me?
No, thanks.
That-- that's a son's duty.
Why don't you put her
with the others?
The others?
Your other victims.
You don't steal shovels,
you collect souls, remember?
Can't she rest in peace
with the others --
[ Breathes shakily ]
Wherever you put them?
Do you not
understand anything?
I loved her.
Bury her with them,
those fucking whores?
Are you
fucking kidding?!
Sorry.
Forget I mentioned it.
Oh.
You're sorry.
[ Beep ]
What's on
your agenda today?
Well, the usual.
And a sit-down
with Isaiah ott.
I thought
you loathed the man.
I do -- and he me.
If there's one thing
the right reverend Isaiah ott
desires more than any other
in this world,
it's his fat thumb on
the carotid artery of the LAPD.
So, why the sit-down?
We're gonna come to
an agreement, the good
reverend and I --
a meeting of the minds.
About what?
What can ott
do for you?
It's not
what he can do for me...
But what he can do
for Richard o'shea.
"Rick" o'shea?
Really?
New mayor,
new chief of police.
[ Chuckles softly ]
I see.
Don't forget --
just because a man wears
his collar turned 'round
doesn't mean
he can be trusted.
Tell me something
i don't know.
How's it going?
Are you familiar with the term
"needle in a haystack"?
It's there somewhere.
And what
makes you so sure?
I spent last night
looking at my maclaren file
and found a pattern, a recurring
notation -- a-c 1-0-2.
A-c 1-0-2?
It's a code they use
when they put you in solitary.
It'll help us
find waits' real name.
They put kids in solitary?
For what?
Infractions, attitude,
disrespect.
That was you,
I'm betting.
Oh, I gave them
a lot of lip,
ran away
all the time, too--
other stuff.
Other stuff?
Like what?
Fighting mostly.
I was mad 24/7.
I'd kick your ass if you
bumped me in the lunch line
or talked shit
about my mother.
So, I spent a lot of time
in the trunk--
so did waits.
If that notation's
not in the file, put it aside.
Harry,
it's a fuckin' youth home.
There's gonna be more files with
the notation than without it
don't be negative.
It's a start.
Yeah, what she said.
Hilarious.
[ Laughter ]
Ignore that bullshit,
Harry.
Tech unit pinged waits' phone--
rosedale cemetery.
Waits' mother passed.
That's why he called me.
Have the task force send
a unit over, get any video.
Ping his phone
every 30 minutes.
[ Cellphone chimes, vibrates ]
Yeah, and maybe
we get lucky.
Maybe I win
the lottery.
You got to
buy a ticket first.
Is that
how that works?
Jesper.
Says he's got something
to show us on delacroix.
Okay.
Hey.
How you doing, Jules?
Like I got tit-punched
by a gorilla.
You're all right,
brasher.
Sarge.
Hang on a second. Yeah,
brasher, captain wants
to see you a.S.A.P.
Yeah.
Pounds:
What's the prognosis?
Doctor says I could
be back on active duty
in two to three weeks.
And what
do you say?
Three weeks
sounds like a long time.
I could use
10 more like you.
But instead
of having 10 more,
I'm down one because
your story's bullshit,
isn't it, brasher?
Have you read
your statement?
I don't have access
to the file, sir.
It wouldn't matter
if bosch had backed your story.
You think the forensics
came back in your favor?
You think they found
gsr on his hands?
I don't know.
You do.
They didn't.
Everything they found
supports Stokes' version of
what happened, not yours.
Maybe I should have
my league rep here, sir.
I'm trying to save your job,
but you have to meet me halfway.
How do I do that?
Detective bosch initiated
a sexual relationship with you
against department policy.
You need to report
that relationship
and file a complaint.
A complaint?
You felt pressured
into the relationship
because he was your superior--
coerced.
You thought it would hurt your
career if you didn't comply.
Well, technically,
he wasn't my superior,
and I didn't
feel pressured.
It was an inappropriaterelationship
according to department policy,
was it not?
[ Sighs ]
How does filing
a harassment complaint
undermine his statement about
what happened in the garage?
It doesn't.
It makes it irrelevant.
No one downtown wants to see
a sex scandal in the papers,
especially
involving bosch.
File the complaint,
withdraw your false statement,
and command buries your third
unsat like it never happened.
But he didn't coerce me.
It was mutual.
[ Sighs ]
He fucked you, brasher.
Every which way,
bosch fucked you --
fucked you right out of
your career with the LAPD.
You gonna
let that stand?
Can I think about it?
Don't take too long.
Meantime,
you're back on light duty.
Thank you, captain.
Chief Irving.
Reverend.
Can I give you
the 10¢ tour?
Oh, I'm familiar
with this church.
I used to come here every
Sunday with my parents.
Of course.
I forget you're
from the community.
I don't.
What can i
do for you, chief?
Well, actually,
I think there's something
we can do for each other.
I'm listening.
You could use
your considerable charisma
and your standing
in the community
to support Richard o'shea's
candidacy for mayor.
I thought you and he
were mortal enemies.
Alliances shift.
One has to be...
Flexible in this world.
Well, assuming the quid pro quo
is what I think it is,
what would i
get in return
from you and the new mayor
for my support?
Assuming you deliver,
what would you
want in return, reverend?
A halt to gestapo tactics here
on the streets of south L.A.,
to certain policing policies,
to racial profiling.
We are hardly
the gestapo,
and overheated, hateful
rhetoric doesn't help.
My apologies.
I only mean to say
that it is in both our interests
to avoid anything resembling
a ferguson, Missouri, situation
here in L.A.
The last thing
any of us want.
So we understand
each other?
It appears so.
Edgar:
Jesper, what's so important,
you couldn't
just send over a report?
I wanted
to show you something.
I was doing a final log
on the delacroix evidence.
The backpack
had skateboard straps, right?
There was no skateboard
found at the grave site.
But there was one collected
from Nicholas Trent's house.
We dismissed Trent
as a suspect.
No evidence
connects him to Arthur,
and he moved
to that neighborhood
two years
after the kid was killed.
I was just looking
to see if we missed anything
before I sent it all
to the property division.
So, just to be thorough,
i thought I'd check to see
if poly-fibers
from the backpack straps
might've got caught
in the wheel assemblies.
I didn't find
any fiber...
But I found this.
This kind of board
was fancy back in the day.
Most kids would've put
their mark on it.
"A.D. 1993."
Arthur delacroix.
God damn.
'93 --
the year before he died.
Nicholas Trent
had the kid's board.
Good work, Jesper.
We need photos
of all this.
Will do.
Uh, detective bosch?
Yeah.
I'll be right out.
[ Keys jingle ]
I think I fucked up
on the waits' case.
How so?
I got a call
here in the lab
right after
waits was arrested.
Guy said he was from the d.A.'S
office, sounded totally legit.
He said you guys hadn't turned
in an evidence report yet
and he needed to know what
was found at the grave site.
He couldn't
get ahold of you,
and [Sighs] he was
up against a deadline.
Jesus Christ.
I'm really sorry.
He sounded
so fucking real.
You told waits
about the backpack?
What was inside?
Told him
about the starfish?
That was his
"get out of jail free" card.
You have any idea
what you did?
I do, and I should've
known better.
[ Clicks tongue ]
Do you
want me to resign?
[ Sighs ]
What did he want?
To confess.
Confess? To what?
Waits got ahold of a burner
at pitchess, called Jesper,
conned him
out of the starfish.
Stupid fuck!
You kicked his ass?
Didn't have to.
Well, bright side,
at least he solved
the Laurel canyon case for us.
How you figure?
Clear as day --
Trent had the board.
He took it from Arthur
after he killed him.
Come on,
open your eyes, partner.
We were right about Trent
before we were wrong.
He lived with it
all those years,
waited for that knock
on the door.
One day, it came, we
knocked on his door,
and he killed himself.
Then go ahead
and write it up.
[ Blows ]
[ Rock music plays ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
Damn. You're back.
I start tomorrow.
What did pounds want?
Bosch's head
on a stick.
[ Chuckles softly ]
Sounds proper.
Said the only way
i can stay on the force
is to file
a sexual-harassment complaint.
[ Sighs ] After what he
did to you, do it.
He screwed you, brasher,
and betrayed all of us.
Now,
you want to be a cop,
you got to lay him out
one way or another.
His story stands,
you're done anyway.
Pyrrhic victory.
What?
Well, even if it works,
mess up my career
as much as his.
How do you figure?
Blows back on me,
my reputation.
I'll be stuck
on patrol forever.
[ Sighs ]
I like the street.
But I know-- college girl
like you, a climber.
You got
bigger ambitions.
Yeah.
Much bigger.
Jerry, anything new
on waits?
Task force says
a camera in Hollywood
caught a minivan
last night
that matches
the one we're looking for.
Get the plates?
No plates-- bad angle.
Shit.
Yeah.
Where you going?
Harry.
Julia, can we talk?
Are you fucking
kidding me?
You're in uniform.
Very observant.
You're not a detective
for nothing.
Yeah, Harry,
I'm back--
pending the outcome of
the disciplinary process.
I'm sure you're just
chomping at the bit over that.
You should go home.
Excuse me?
Take leave
until this is over.
Why the hell
should I do that?
Because it'sthe honorable thing to do.
If you don't have the
balls to man up, admit your
mistake, tell the truth,
at least
have the decency
to not be here
fronting your phony story.
Who the fuck are you to talk
about balls and honorable?
I have every right to be here.
And talk about Manning up--
Stokes assaulted you,
and you released him,
and I'm the pussy?
And then he attacks me,
and you don't have
the balls to back me?
Not what happened.
You screwed up.
Fuck you.
I'm embarrassed
i ever took you seriously.
You got quite the way
with the ladies there, Harry.
Ain't it the truth?
Reverend ott
paid me a visit, Irv...
Out of the blue,
off the record.
What did he want?
Seems the reverend
has a dream --
a vision of me
in the mayor's office,
you at
the chief's desk.
He's ready to throw me
his wholehearted support,
rally the troops, deliver
the vote in his community.
And all he wants
in return?
Certain
long-overdue reforms.
Actually, he wants
a little more than that.
He wants something
for himself.
So the city
will throw him
some Grant money
for his outreach programs.
He wants a seat
on the police commission.
That's not
what we talked about.
I'm sure it wasn't.
Fuck ott. That's extortion.
No, no, no.
And he's not the only preacher
in south L.A.
Oh...
We're committed now.
You want to get
on the wrong side of this guy?
You want him working
for the incumbent?
I sure as hell don't.
You started
the ball rolling, Irv.
Where the hell
did you expect it to go?
Oh, I won't
forget this.
We'll get even later.
This is a big galloping gift
horse coming down the stretch
for both of us.
Let's back a winner.
[ Sighs ]
Edgar:
Let's get started.
Mr. Trent, you know
you have no obligation
to speak to me today?
Trent:
Well, if that's so,
then why are you
sitting in my living room?
Have you ever seen any unusual
activity on the hillside?
Not really.
Kids used to play up there.
You watched them play?
What are you
insinuating?
Nothing at all, sir.
No, I didn't
watch them play.
I stayed away from kids
after my trouble.
I'd see them go up the hill
when I walked my dog.
Any kids in particular?
[ Scoffs ]
There were always kids around.
Uh, they used to go up there
and smoke cigarettes.
We --
we were always worried
that they would set
the whole hillside on fire.
We?
The residents.
My neighbors and I.
Bosch:
Dr. guyot.
Guyot:
Detective bosch.
What brings you
back here, detective?
Are you
making progress?
Fits and starts, doctor.
Fits and starts.
So, Nicholas Trent told us
that, when he first moved here,
there were always kids
playing on the street
and up on the hill.
Yes. Quieter now.
Not so many children
on the street these days.
You remember any names
of those kids?
20 years ago.
[ Chuckles softly ]
I was not a young man
even then.
You think your murdered boy
might've been one of them?
Possibly.
Once in a while.
Maybe he had friends
on this street.
Have you spoken
to the blaylocks?
I don't recognize
that name
from the neighborhood
canvass we did.
They moved to tonopah a few
years back when he retired.
They lived down the block,
where the hutters live now.
My guess would be
that most of the children
who played on the street
over the years
were their foster children
and their friends.
Any chance you have
an address for the blaylocks?
I get a Christmas card from
them every year without fail.
Let me get one.
I'll be right back.
Thanks.
I talked to
the hutters.
And I called Mrs. blaylock
in tonopah to follow up.
She didn't remember Arthur
and had nothing but kind words
for Nicholas Trent.
Did you get the names
of the foster children?
She didn't mention she had
any kids, foster or otherwise.
You're making it seem
like I dropped the ball.
What -- what was i
supposed to do,
drive up there
and knock on their door?
Tonopah is
a six-hour drive.
I'll call you back,
Jerry.
[ Beep ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Ignition clicks,
keys jingle ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Clears throat ]
Mr. blaylock?
That's me.
I, uh, saw you
waiting out there.
My name's Harry bosch.
I'm a detective-- LAPD.
I was wondering if I could
speak to you and your wife
about a case
I'm working.
Well, I'm not sure
my wife's up right now.
How long
you been out there waiting?
Since about 4:00.
[ Chuckles ]
Get some coffee.
[ Sighs ]
If it's warm, I'll take it.
Well, come on in.
Take it black?
Every cop I've ever known
takes it black.
Black's great.
Mm.
You know
a lot of cops?
Uh, when we
lived in L.A., I did.
Worked 30 years
for city fire,
retired as
a station commander.
What division?
Hollywood. Homicide.
[ Chuckling ]
I'll be damned.
I worked six years
out of station 27,
right-- right across the wall
from you guys.
It's a small world.
It sure is.
[ Chuckles ]
Have a seat.
I'll, uh-- I'll go get Audrey.
Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
She'll be right out.
So, uh,
what's this about?
I'm, uh, working a case
in your old neighborhood--
wonderland.
We're contacting people
who lived there in '94.
Well, we lived there
back then,
but I don't remember any murder
cases from the neighborhood.
A detective
already called us about this.
Really? When?
It was before Christmas.
You were out hiking.
Well, you didn't
tell me.
[ Chuckles ]
Wasn't worth telling.
My partner called.
I'm just following up.
I don't believe you.
Excuse me?
You don't
drive through the night
to knock on our door
at dawn
because you're
following up on a call.
You're gonna try to pin
something on one of our kids.
Mrs. blaylock,
i can assure you
I'm not in the business of
pinning anything on anyone.
Well, I still
don't believe you.
I know what he wants.
Audrey, please. Just let
the man ask his questions.
I understand you took in
a number of foster children
when you lived
on wonderland.
Yes, we did.
We had a total of...
What? 36?
38.
38 kids
over the years--
sometimes as many as
6 at a time.
Good for you.
Last month,
a boy's bones were found
up on the hill
above wonderland.
He was murdered and buried
there 20 years ago.
His name
was Arthur delacroix.
Does that name mean anything
to either of you?
No.
Audrey?
No, and I told that
to the detective that called.
I told him we didn't know
anything about this dead boy.
Well, I was just wondering
if it might've been possible
he could've been friends
with one of your kids.
This is what I mean.
[ Scoffs ]
You're just looking for
something that fits your needs.
These kids
come from tough backgrounds,
they weren't all angels
when they came to us.
Now you're gonna pick one of
them to blame this murder on.
[ Inhales deeply ]
I'd like you both to
take a look at this photo.
It was taken in your carport
on wonderland Avenue.
I think
i took this picture.
I gave copies
to the kids.
Do you recognize
anyone in that photo?
Well, that's Johnny,
and, uh,
these are his friends
from his old neighborhood.
Johnny?
Johnny Stokes.
He was with us
for a couple of years.
Uh, that's his photograph
there on the wall.
And you say
these kids in the picture,
they were friends of Johnny's
from his old neighborhood?
We encouraged Johnny
to keep in touch with them,
have them over.
We used to have an empty pool
in the backyard--
it was too much upkeep.
They used to love
to use it to skate in.
[ Sighs ]
This boy --
do you remember him?
Uh...Yeah,
the-- the face.
I don't know
his real name.
Uh, they called him
"goof," [Chuckles] "Goofy."
You know why?
He would put the wrong foot
forward on the skateboard,
and the kids called that
"goofy footing."
That boy
was Arthur delacroix.
The murdered boy?
Oh, my.
I'm so sorry.
[ Breathes deeply ]
Do you recognize this?
Huh.
Audrey, doesn't that look like
the board Johnny had?
[ Sighs ] Maybe.
Any idea
how he came by it?
It was so long ago.
He won it in a contest.
He was very proud
of that board.
It got left behind
when they sent him to sylmar.
Do you know
what happened to it?
When we moved out here,
we sold all the kids' stuff
we had
to a neighbor
who lived up the street.
Remember a name--
the neighbor?
Nick-- Nick Trent.
He worked in movies--
you know, props and stuff.
Bosch:
It was Stokes.
We had him,
i let him go.
Where are you?
What are you talking about?
I just left tonopah.
Tonopah?
Johnny Stokes was one of
the blaylocks' foster kids.
You're shitting me.
Stokes lived
with the blaylocks in '94.
Arthur visited him
up there.
He knew him
from the old neighborhood.
You're saying
Stokes killed Arthur?
No doubt in my mind.
[ Sighs ]
But why, Harry?
What the fuck?
They were just kids.
The skateboard.
I think Arthur had it,
Stokes wanted it.
Jesus Christ!
How'd Trent
come to have it?
The blaylocks sold Trent
their kids' stuff
when they moved.
Let me get communications
to put out a broadcast.
This isn't gonna go over
very well with rank and file.
No, it's on me.
I'll handle it.
[ Mariachi music plays,
man singing in Spanish ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Bosch.
Edgar: Harry, waits is on his
cell in an alley on Hollywood.
Set up a perimeter, five blocks
in every direction--
no one in or out.
I want a bird in the air asap.
I'm five minutes away.
[ Engine turns over ]
[ Tires squeal ]
Show six-William-twenty-one
responding.
Dispatcher:
Six-Adam-thirty-seven,
we're code six
at Hollywood and gower.
Requesting an r.A. Unit
for a female
approximately 30 years old--
unconscious and not breathing.
Female. What?
This is
six-William-twenty-one.
Please confirm
victim is a female.
Affirmative. Female,
approximately 30 years old.
[ Tires screech ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
What's going on?
187, Harry.
A female.
Female?
Why do we think
it's waits?
Tech says his phone
is still pinging.
It's a fucked-up scene.
Looks staged.
How so?
Area around the dumpster
has been cleaned up, swept--
and those.
The victim's?
She's wearing hers.
Those are extra.
Find his phone?
Not yet.
What about her phone?
No sign of it.
I.D.?
Monica Reynolds.
One of the coppers I.D.'D her
as a local pro.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Jesus.
What is it?
What the fuck? You all right?
Just give me a second.
What is it?
What's the problem?
This is for me.
This is all
for my benefit.
What?
He did this
to get at me.
Take a look.
This is what happened
to my mother.
Jesus. Harry.
I've seen the murder book.
Waits killed this woman
the same way
my mother was murdered,
staged the same scene.
How did he know
about all this?
Nate Tyler.
Her murder
was in all the papers--
"hooker killed
in Hollywood."
Tyler's hit piece directed waits
to all the old articles.
This poor woman.
Go home, Harry.
I'll handle this.
Get the feeling
he's watching us?
Who? Waits?
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Want me to answer that?
I got it.
[ Keypad beeps ]
Waits:
You get my message?
You think you're clever?
Bury her, detective.
She was a whore
like your mother.
Not like mine.
Mine was a Saint.
Now, that's something
we don't have in common.
Enjoy it while you can, waits.
We're closing in.
I know you're nearby.
I can smell you.
You sound tired, detective.
I know I am.
This last one put up
quite a fight.
I'll be in touch.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Cellphone clatters ]
[ Engine turns over ]
[ Sighs ]
He's close.
Help you?
Detective bosch,
Hollywood homicide.
I'm looking
for a murder book.
You know who's working it?
Not active.
Taking a shot cold case
might have pulled the book.
I wouldn't be here
this time of night
if it wasn't important.
You got a name
or a d.R. Number?
Marjorie lowe, '79.
You'll be asleep
when I get back.
[ Smooches ]
Sweet dreams, Harry.
I love you.
I love you, too.
[ Keys clack ]
I'll see you
in the morning.
[ Door closes ]
[ Papers rustling ]
[ Sighs ]